Hello dear
water today we have such excursions
here
experienced taunts on fountain sergei
Valerievich grows in his garden 66
grape varieties and he tells us
how to care for him like
feed up how to stare look
if anyone is interested and now too
some very useful information
please tell me why are we here
want to see
we have previously filmed a program where
I showed the seedlings as they say
about in the breeding ground before the seedlings that they
in small plastic cups there with
small escape well with this escape
Here we are with such small shoots and I
told me that these seedlings have two
paths after all two paths of landing that is from
This glass plant immediately in the garden if
the weather is worth a good warm roast or
planted them with the beginning of large
containers for comparison here we are now
with you and see this here I landed
looked at what was spring this year
we have such early warm from light here
promised that rigoletto will start and
so I landed
here is this sapling somewhere I had
landed tenths or even twenties
the dates of May
dropped him and now he see he sits
gave a little increase well, sort of like not
growing and getting sick maybe even
a little bit and well, everything is probably from the fact that
it's very cold now and wet there
we even have it in my lane
I was told that even here overseas were
even before the temperature reached 0 degrees and
even to -1
Well, this sapling was mean
originally planted and here's another option
yes the fact that the same sapling was planted
Here in the tank, he is a bottle and here
see what the result is due to
the fact that he stands with me even in the garden I
I came to water it
but the earth com warmed up
warms up very powerful and you see in
the roots are closely here the roots closely then
have seen them over there so they verzily in
here they are not visible to them
dough he roots powerfully develops due to
the fact that it is warming
once the roots grow it means it starts
grow very much and that 's how it is
says top to yard
but again how brightly I say this when he
you grow in this condition also not
need to think that he does not need any
care here too we fight it
remove stepchildren here they are stepchildren we
remove them all this is necessary in order to
Here is this vine we matured it
It should jun 11's these little essentially
delete and here as a result we finish with
that the fall was formed 2
well or maximum here 3 escape if he
leads a weak escape I'll cut it
so leave no bones two escapes and
transplant it into the ground or can be well
in the autumn I do not advise late but somewhere
in late August or mid-August here
this sapling
need to transplant it and transplant here
up to this level that is you understand here
bury it out of it
the only thing that I told
gardeners that before this
of course it was necessary to plant the tank
plastic bag scales need that
you could have flown the pouch out and pull out
rearrange here but it advise gardeners
inexperienced beginner I get
pretty good i dry this one
whom he shrinks a little neatly
I cut
and I can even carefully transplant it
during the summer, in principle, painless
still remind our please with the people
You said that you cant
fight this seedling when i
annoyed tilt when i plant i
I will set at such an angle here
can be so planted or can
look at this
this escape has gone deeper
the ground here this escape was tilted and here
see if I planted it
condition here he plays it will be possible
leaned in easily and he just as easily and
rises yes that's as easy and and
rises rises if you have to be it
raise need to let in it is easy to play
if you land like this upright
on upright what have you got when your eyes
will become so fat you will begin to bend
even now his hammocks are not
in vain yes therefore everything is clear
Well, dear gardeners see what
useful information
we have in the middle lane to make
some kind of time running for development
seedlings can be planted here
such tanks that made their way earthen
com they got there planted in
such technology sapling basically in
next year you can get it already
the first group of the same that is in the second year
his life can get 1 guest
Well, thank you very much very valuable experience